add 117 Model server (#808)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/117-model-server/README.md

# Introduction to OpenVINO™ Model Server

> This notebook demonstrates how to shows how to deploy a model server and request prediction from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook demonstrates how to deploy a model server and request predictions from a client application.
```
